# Grouping Entity Groups
For now, we're just iterating all entity groups. This is not a problem for
now, however, when we handle a lot of entity groups at once, this will clearly
become a bottleneck.

For example, when we need to find an entity group with matching type, we're
simply iterating ALL entity groups. This means that adding an entity has O(n)
time complexity - which is too expensive. We need to decrease this to reasonable
level!

For starters, we can just group each entity group ... to form a group.
List of same entity groups should be useful, when we're looking for free
entity group to allocate, or implementing a 'family'.

But, iterating this entity group group is also another problem. However, I'm
pretty sure the entities used wouldn't have such diverse types, so this should
suffice most cases.

If we need to go further, I think we could implement a binary tree for quickly
traversing N-dimension values. That means - we need to implement BSP just for
this. This is really unnecessary at this point and would just be waste of time.

However, floating entity groups need to be treated separately, since they can
be edited freely.

Since we can't even guarantee memory locality between entity groups, I think
using a linked list is possible too.


To implement this, we eventually have to change the entire entity - store
structure. Entity store should store "entity group containers" and "floating
entity groups". Entity group containers should implement allocation /
deallocation on its own.

Maybe we should rename them appropriately - 'entity group group' sounds absurd.

However, the entity group container should be able to implement allocation and
deallocation. Furthermore, each entity group must be addressable by ID,
similiar to entity ID. However, since the entity group doesn't move at all,
it should be more simpler to implement.

Implementing entity group ID means that the actual allocation should be still
managed by entity store, yet entity group container acts as a 'wrapper' to it,
providing a quick way to traverse them.
