# Renderer
Finally, it's time to build a 3D renderer for the game engine.

It *can* be pretty basic, and we'd rather make a basic renderer first. Well,
the basic renderer should do the following:

- Map LocRotScale to mat4
- Group entities with same geometry, and upload these mat4 to single buffer
- Upload geometry buffer. The geometry is managed as an entity to allow morphing
  and stuff (for now)
- The shader program is also managed as an entity
- The texture is also... managed as an entity
- The material is also managed as an entity
- The "mesh" component is therefore composed of 2 pointers, a geometry and a
  material
- The renderer collects meshes and issues draw call
- Support for cameras and lights
- The selected camera is specified by the renderer system itself
- Lights are processed in forward-rendering for now

Basically, bare minimum to actually draw something to the screen. Everything
else can be considered later.

We need to come up with some kind of convention for naming uniforms and
attributes too.

- uModel
- uView
- uProjection
- aPosition
- aNormal
- aTexCoord
- aTangent

Should be enough for now.

## Entity and Actual WebGL Buffer
The geometry, shader, texture is managed as an entity to allow other logics to
intercept.

For example, we can manipulate them using regular ECS logic - To generate a
'async' resource, we can attach 'asyncGeometry' component and perform 
modification from there.

If we didn't use entities, we'd probably end up using URI, or a pointer as a
resource. If we add these rendering related buffers onto ECS, we can easily
manipulate them without adding any external logic.

Furthermore, since we separate entities per type, this has no performance
penalty too. We'd probably have to do reference counting though...

However, we need to upload these to WebGL. After manipulating these entities,
these data must be reuploaded to GPU, and for mesh, draw calls must be issued.

We need to separate geometry / shader / texture component and actual WebGL
object! Simply put, we'll have a "definition" object in the ECS, and using these
information, the WebGL side object will build buffers and handle uploading and
stuff.

To avoid confusion, we'll put 'Buffer' on every WebGL related objects. The
RenderSystem stores these instances in a hashmap - preferably using entity ID -
and builds / removes them when needed.

After building all buffers and needed objects, the draw calls are issued by
the mesh. Since RenderSystem has instances of all WebGL objects, it can manage
resources too. It can count references and find unused objects, and unallocate
from GPU.
