# Scene
The sample needs to support multiple scenes. Each scene needs to have a
mouse-controlled controller - so the user can freely look around the scene.

This means that we have to put "external" object that controls the entity
state. The scene interaction requires attaching keyboard / mouse event onto
the browser, and reacting to it accordingly.

Therefore this is not linked to the engine's state in any way - it should not
be tied to ECS framework. Instead, it should just directly manipulate the
engine's data, and the engine can rerender the scene accordingly, given that
dirty flags are correctly set.

This implies that we need a system to communicate with the controls.
Each system can attach an event listener to the canvas; If "blenderController",
"fpsController", or any controllable component is present, and the system is
instructed to do so, the system will attach the event listeners.

Of course, the system won't be able to know the controller has been attached
right away - the system scans the entity group in each update, and once an
entity is detected it can step in.

## Directory Structure
We can see that yage is composed of "store", render-related components,
input-related components. It is hard to organize in current pattern, and
therefore the directory structure must be redone first.

First, we can opt to use topical directory structures - 'core', '3d', 'render',
'input', etc. Since most components work together, it may not be ideal, yet
it should allow modular expansion.

- core
  - components
  - store
  - indexes
- geom
  - types
- render
  - components
  - gl
  - pipelines
  - systems
  - indexes
  - utils
  - types
- formats
- input
- types
- utils
